A bipartisan elections bill is the rarest of creatures, one many Americans have never seen in the wild. Congressional Democrats are united behind sweeping voting rights legislation that won't pass the Senate so long as the filibuster exists, because Republicans are united against it. Republican legislators in Texas, Georgia, Florida and elsewhere have passed numerous voting restrictions over united Democratic opposition. But on one sliver of voting issues, it seems lawmakers might — might! — be able to agree. The Native American Voting Rights Act, or NAVRA, was introduced in the House last month by Representatives Tom Cole, Republican of Oklahoma, and Sharice Davids, Democrat of Kansas. Senator Ben Ray Luján, Democrat of New Mexico, introduced companion legislation in the Senate. It would let tribes determine the number and location of voter registration sites, polling places and ballot drop boxes on their reservations; bar states from closing or consolidating those sites without tribal consent; require states with voter identification laws to accept tribal ID; and create a $10 million grant program for state-level task forces to examine barriers to voting access for Native Americans. The bill — endorsed by many Native American tribes, as well as advocacy groups such as the Native American Rights Fund, the National Congress of American Indians and Four Directions — is in the earliest stages of the legislative process. It hasn't even had a committee hearing. Congress has been rather preoccupied with matters like stopping the government from shutting down or defaulting on its debt. While the broad voting rights measures are a high priority for Democrats, NAVRA is much lower on the list. And there is no telling how many Republicans besides Mr. Cole will get on board. All of which is to say that passage, or even a vote, is far from guaranteed. It might become law, or it might go nowhere. But the mere existence of a voting rights bill with bipartisan sponsors is noteworthy. So I spoke with Mr. Cole, Ms. Davids and Mr. Luján this month about the legislation and its prospects. Mr. Cole said that he and Ms. Davids — the leaders of the Congressional Native American Caucus, and two of only five Indigenous members of Congress — had decided what to include in the bill, and what not to, with bipartisan support in mind.