For more than a year, Dawn Staley, the women's basketball coach at South Carolina, has had a hollowed-out plan for a familiar challenge. As always, she wanted to construct one of the country's most dazzling rosters; as never before, she had to finish the wooing and scrutinizing of players mainly through texting and calling, FaceTiming and Zooming. But this Tuesday, one of Staley's favored strategies — the face-to-face meeting — will at last be available once more."I like sitting in front of people," said Staley, whose dog, Champ, had sometimes seemed to wonder why she was home so often during the coronavirus pandemic. "I'm a look, sound, feel person.""Come June 1," she added in an interview, "we're going to be full tilt."The resumption of meetings between coaches, prospects and parents — the sessions in homes, church pews, high school gyms and campus offices where sports dynasties can be born and sustained — will amount to one of the most far-reaching lurches toward normalcy in college sports since the coronavirus took hold in the United States. Although the N.C.A.A. and its member schools have gingerly staged thousands of games and practices, in-person recruiting has been forbidden in the name of public health since March 13, 2020, the day after the association canceled its men's and women's basketball tournaments and championship events in other sports. Coaches have been allowed to call and write to prospects and their parents during what is known in college sports circles as a "dead period," but they have been barred from meeting with them, attending games or visiting high schools."For me, personally, and the recruits that we talk to, we're desperate to be meeting face-to-face," said Jeremy Gunn, Stanford's men's soccer coach, who has spent months calling potential players as he walked around the field. "You're going to have an interaction with another person, and that person is going to want to assimilate into the world that you have created. That isn't as possible via technology."Although normal recruiting calendars are resuming Tuesday, the landscape is vastly different from the one coaches abruptly retreated from last year in Division I, which includes the most prominent conferences in college athletics. Thousands of students are looking to use an additional year of athletic eligibility that the N.C.A.A. granted because of the pandemic. Transfer portals have exploded with players looking for different schools.