A suspect was located, the authorities said. Last year, a police shooting in Kenosha was followed by protests and the killings of two demonstrators. Three people were killed and three more were hospitalized after a shooting at a bar early Sunday in Somers, Wis., near Kenosha, the latest instance of gun violence in a nation where such bloodshed has grown wearyingly commonplace. The Kenosha County Sheriff's Department said on Sunday afternoon that a person of interest had been located and would be charged with one count of first-degree intentional homicide, with additional criminal charges to follow after further investigation. It did not identify the suspect or provide details about a possible motive. The shooting took place at 12:42 a.m. at the Somers House tavern, according to the sheriff's office, which said that it had appeared to be a "targeted and isolated incident." The authorities said that they did not believe the community was in danger. "We believe our suspect knew who he was targeting," Sheriff David Beth said during a news conference early Sunday, adding that it appeared that the gunman had been asked to leave the bar and later returned. He said that a handgun had been used, and that it was not clear whether there had been more than one person shooting. The victims were still being identified, but Sheriff Beth said that all three were men, two of whom died at the scene. All three victims who had been hospitalized were men, and another person, a possible female shooting victim, might have left the bar before emergency responders arrived, the authorities said. Investigators asked that anyone with information about the shooting contact the Kenosha County Sheriff's Department. The Kenosha News, a local newspaper, said that Somers House was popular with students from Carthage College. Kenosha, a city of about 100,000 people on Lake Michigan, a few miles north of the Illinois border, was the scene of shootings that reverberated across the country last year. In August, a Kenosha Police Department officer shot Jacob Blake, a 29-year-old Black man, leaving him partly paralyzed. The shooting reignited protests that had erupted throughout the United States over the police killings of George Floyd and others. Kyle H. Rittenhouse, a teenager from Illinois, was charged with shooting and killing two people in Kenosha during the demonstrations that followed there.