DALLAS — A former sheriff's deputy who was being sought after three people were fatally shot in Austin, Texas, on Sunday has been arrested and charged with capital murder, according to the police and jail records. Ryan Phipps, the police chief in Manor, Texas, said his department received two emergency calls just before 7 a.m. local time on Monday about a man who matched the description of the suspect, Stephen Nicholas Broderick, 41. The department dispatched officers to a location on the edge of the city, which is just east of Austin, and took Mr. Broderick into custody, Chief Phipps said. Mr. Broderick, who had a pistol in his waistband, complied with officers' orders, the chief said. Deputies from the Travis County Sheriff's Office, Mr. Broderick's former employer, were also at the scene of the arrest, Chief Phipps said. The authorities had been searching for Mr. Broderick after identifying him as the suspect in the shooting deaths of three people — two women and one man — in northwest Austin on Sunday morning. When officers arrived at the scene of the shooting, they found three victims with gunshot wounds lying near two vehicles that appeared to have been involved in an accident, the police said on Monday. Mr. Broderick and his ex-wife, Amanda Broderick, were "meeting for a scheduled visit with their son when the collision occurred," the Austin police said in a statement. Mr. Broderick fired a weapon, striking Ms. Broderick, 35, and the two other victims, and then fled, the police said. The couple's son was present when the shooting occurred, the police said, but he was not injured. The police identified the other people who were shot as Alyssa Marie Broderick, 17, and Willie Simmons III, 18. All three victims were pronounced dead at the scene, the authorities said. The Austin police did not give an account of the accident that preceded the shooting or say who was involved. The Elgin Independent School District said in an email on Monday that Alyssa Broderick was an Elgin student from 2009 until she withdrew in October 2020. "She was an excellent student and athlete, enrolled in our Early College High School program and played on our girls' basketball team," the district said. Mr. Simmons was a senior at Elgin High School. He was the captain of the football team, "a friend to everyone he met; and most recently, recruited to play football for the University of North Texas," the district said.