(CNN) Kyle Rittenhouse, the teenager who killed two people and shot another during unrest in Kenosha, Wisconsin, was acquitted Friday of first-degree intentional homicide and four other felony charges. Rittenhouse, wearing a dark jacket with a burgundy tie and shirt, stood behind the defense table as each not guilty verdict was read. He tried to hold back tears, then sobbed and appeared to collapse forward on the table, where his attorney embraced him. In a video promoting a Tucker Carlson Originals special on the case, Rittenhouse tells someone as he is apparently driven away from the courthouse: "The jury reached the correct verdict. Self-defense is not illegal. And I believe they came to the correct verdict and I'm glad that everything went well. "It's been a rough journey, but we made it through it. We made it through the hard part." Carlson's crew has been embedded with the teen throughout the trial and the Fox News host will interview Rittenhouse on his Monday show. The documentary will air in December on the Fox Nation streaming service, Fox News said. Rittenhouse's mother gasped after the final verdict was read, her head falling into her hands. The panel of five men and seven women deliberated more than 25 hours over the past four days in a closely-watched case that polarized an already divided nation. The verdict cannot be appealed. These are the five charges the jury considered Gov. Tony Evers, in a statement, called for peace on the streets and said the trial has "reopened wounds that have not yet fully healed." During their deliberations, jurors requested to rewatch much of the video evidence of the shootings. In the end, they agreed with Rittenhouse's testimony that he feared for his life and acted in self-defense. Verdict sheets filed with the Kenosha County Clerk of the Circuit Court showed the presiding juror in the case signed the not guilty verdicts to the five charges on different dates. Three verdict sheets were dated Wednesday and Thursday. The most severe charge Rittenhouse faced was a first-degree intentional homicide charge for the fatal shooting of Anthony Huber: count 4. Juror 54 signed the verdict sheet for that count Wednesday. The two sheets signed Friday involved the fatal shooting of Joseph Rosenbaum and the charge of reckless endangerment of a man who was near Rittenhouse during the shooting.