Rescue efforts continue following the partial collapse of a building in Surfside, Florida, early Thursday. Here's what we know: What happened: The collapse killed at least one person, officials said. Thirty-seven people were pulled out of the rubble following the building collapse, Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Assistant Fire Chief Ray Jadallah said. At least 11 people with injuries have been treated and four of those were transported, the assistant chief said. CNN reported earlier there is at least one person dead from the collapse. The mayor of Miami-Dade county, Daniella Levine Cava, said the building is 12 stories and had more than 130 units. Search and rescue operations will continue throughout the night at the collapsed Champlain Towers condo building, Cava said. About the accounted and unaccounted for: Cava said there are 102 people who have been accounted for following the partial building collapse. "I want to give you a top number, very encouraging, 102 people have been accounted for. That's double what we were able to report last time," Cava said at a news conference. "One hundred and two people from the towers, their locations are known and they are safe. The mayor said there are still at least 99 people who are unaccounted for. No cause determined: There is still no official cause of the partial building collapse, Cava said. Structural engineers will be involved in the investigation as well as the city of Surfside and the fire department, she said. According to the Miami-Dade County Police Department, they will investigate the incident after search and rescue operations are completed. Condo had been studied: Shimon Wdowinski, a professor with Florida International University's Institute of Environment, told CNN he determined in a study last year that the Champlain Towers South condo showed signs of sinking in the 1990s. The condo had a subsidence rate of about two millimeters a year from 1993 to 1999, according to his study. While Wdowinski said that this sinking alone would likely not cause the condo's collapse, he said it could be a contributing factor. "If one part of the building moves with respect to the other, that could cause some tension and cracks," he explain Recent building upkeep: The building, which was built in the 1980s, was undergoing roof work, Surfside Mayor Charles Burkett said, but he added that it's unknown whether this was a factor in the collapse. Sounds from the rubble: Jadallah, the Miami-Dade Fire Rescue assistant chief, confirmed that sounds have been heard from underneath the rubble.