Apparent protesters appeared to try and confront the Laundries at their North Port home. Two apparent protesters appeared to try to confront Chris and Roberta Laundrie at their North Port home just after 8:30 p.m. Tuesday, banging on the door repeatedly. One person from the pair, a man, could be heard shouting, "Come on, dirty Laundries," "Come on, you guys like to strangle people," "We'll be back," and "Speak up soon." After they left, Chris Laundrie briefly stepped into the screened section twice, including one time when he appeared to lock the door. Minutes later, a vehicle honked its horn for several seconds as it passed the home. Police arrived shortly thereafter. Earlier Tuesday, a Teton County coroner announced Gabby Petito died of "manual strangulation/ throttling." Brian Laundrie remains a fugitive. Brian Laundrie's lawyer calls Gabby Petito's death a 'tragedy' after coroner says she was strangled. Brian Laundrie's lawyer, Steven Bertolino, called Gabby Petito's death a "tragedy" on Tuesday after Teton County Coroner Dr. Brent Blue said that her homicide was caused by "manual strangulation." Petito's remains were found on Sept. 19 in Wyoming's Bridger-Teton National Forest about three to four weeks after she was killed, Dr. Blue said. Her former fiancé, Brian Laundrie, returned home to North Port, Florida, on Sept. 1 in Gabby's white van and disappeared on Sept. 13. He is a person of interest in Gabby's death and is wanted for alleged debit card fraud. Gabby Petito autopsy: Expert weigh in after coroner's 'manual strangulation' ruling. NORTH PORT, Fla. – Some of the nation's top expert forensic pathologists are sounding off after Tuesday's news that Gabby Petito died as a result of "manual strangulation" and had been left in the Wyoming wilderness for an estimated three to four weeks before she was recovered, with one explaining how medical professionally likely reached their conclusions. Dr. Cyril Wecht has been involved in some of the country's most high-profile death investigations, including those involving President John F. Kennedy and JonBenét Ramsey. He spoke to Fox News Digital on Tuesday, immediately following Teton County Coroner Dr. Brent Blue's press conference and the office's subsequent announcement that Petito died from "death by manual strangulation/throttling." Coroner alludes to domestic violence after declaring strangulation as her cause of death.