Waukesha residents mourn those who lost their lives: 'Our community is going to stick together'. Waukesha residents came together on Monday evening to pay their respects to those who lost their lives in the Christmas parade tragedy on Sunday. "Our community is going to stick together and help each other heal during this process," Jonathan Schoenfeldt, a Waukesha resident, told Fox News Digital at the vigil. "Everyone's offering help to each other, whether that means just offering time to vent, through financial means, through material means, just people are here willing to help." The vigil was held at Cutler Park, just a block away from where a 39-year-old man plowed through a crowd in an SUV on Sunday, killing five people and injuring 48 others. "The evil in whatever form will roll over everyone in whatever form it takes unless someone stands against it," Terry Cartwright, chaplain for South Waukesha County Search and Rescue, said at the vigil. "You have to confront it. Only God can stop it. But we can confront it. That's what we are supposed to do." Five cross memorials were placed in front of the stage where several city leaders spoke, including Police Chief Dan Thompson and Mayor Shawn Reilly. "Even though there will be many painful nights ahead, and whether it is grieving the loss of a loved one, or healing from physical injuries, or recovering from extreme emotional pain, our presence says that we as a community will work together to help all heal," Mayor Reilly told residents. "Tonight, this vigil is a small first step in healing for our community." Hundreds gather for prayer vigil in downtown Waukesha just 24 hours after Christmas parade tragedy. Hundreds of people gathered at Cutler Park in Waukesha, Wisconsin, on Monday evening for a prayer vigil to mourn those who were lost during the Christmas parade tragedy. "Yesterday's tragic event demonstrated the character of this community. When tragedy struck this great city, the community responded," Police Chief Dan Thompson said at the vigil. "Now is a time to grieve and mourn. I want to personally thank you all for being here." Five people were killed and at least 48 others were injured when a 39-year-old man driving an SUV plowed through the Christmas parade in Waukesha, a city of about 70,000. "This is the most peaceful loving town.