Los Angeles-area poll worker wearing Trump gear removed from voting site. A Los Angeles-area poll worker dressed in clothing supportive of former President Trump was removed from a voting site Tuesday after election officials advised him that his attire was "inappropriate and unacceptable." The unidentified worker was spotted at a polling site in West Hollywood's Plummer Park Community Center, a spokesman for the office of the Los Angeles County Registrar-Recorder/County Clerk told Fox News. A photo showed him wearing a "Trump 2020" cap and a T-shirt that read: "Where's Hunter" and "Trump 2020" as he sat behind a laptop. Former California Dem leader: If Newsom prevails, schools will likely be shut down again. A top California Democrat, who has endorsed Republican gubernatorial candidate Larry Elder, warned Tuesday that the Golden State's next generation will be disadvantaged if the incumbent is successful in beating back the recall. Former State Sen. Gloria Romero told Fox News that education is a top issue for her because of her upbringing. She is the daughter of a mother with a sixth grade education, who went on to earn a Ph.D. and chair the state's Senate Education Committee. "To me, education is a civil rights issue, and especially in California with over 6 million children in the public school system," she said, lamenting the percentages of minority children in the state who are unable to perform in math and reading at a grade-level standard. CA voters on Gov Newsom recall election. David Meiron, a CA voter supporting Newsom's recall, and Joe Armstrong, a CA voter opposing Newsom's recall, discuss the California recall election on 'The Story'. California Democrat supports Larry Elder in California recall election. Gloria Romero, Former Democratic Calif. state senator, explains why she is supporting Larry Elder in the California recall election on 'Fox News Primetime'. Newsom recall defense gets business donor boost. The effort to fight a recall of California Democratic Gov. Gavin Newsom has raised roughly $83 million, a number that dwarfs the fundraising of the governor's most formidable GOP rival, radio host Larry Elder. While a major share of Newsom's haul came from groups one might expect – such as the Democratic Party, unions and Planned Parenthood – the governor enjoyed a boost from some big names in the business world who pitched in to keep him in office. Netflix CEO Reed Hastings led the charge with a $3 million contribution, while billionaire investor and major left-wing donor George Soros pitched in a cool $1 million.