Slow-moving Henri turning east, heavy rain expected in parts of New England and Mid-Atlantic states. The slow-moving tropical depression Henri is expected to continue bringing heavy rain and flood across portions of Southern New England and the Northern Mid-Atlantic states on Monday, forecasters said. The storm was beginning to turn east and moving at a speed of 6 mph, the National Hurricane Center said in an 11 a.m. update. Flood watches were still in effect across northeast Pennsylvania, southeast New York, northeast New Jersey, Long Island, and portions of New England, the agency said. Rainfall of up to 2 inches was expected to fall in New Jersey and eastern Pennsylvania, while up to 3 inches was expected in southeast New York, Long Island, and southern to central New England through tonight. Henri brings heavy rains to much of Northeast US, knocks out power to 140,000 homes. Tropical Storm Henri packed a punch for the Northeast on Sunday and resulted in power outages across Rhode Island and flooding in nearby states, but the region was largely spared the worst-case scenario. The storm is considered to be slow-moving and expected to impact the region throughout Monday, the Providence Journal reported. There were about 76,000 National Grid customers in the state without power as of Sunday afternoon, the paper reported. The report pointed out that the state was largely spared the worst possible outcome after it was downgraded from a hurricane prior to reaching the state's coast. When it made landfall near Westerly, Rhode Island, Henri had sustained winds of about 60 mph and gusts of up to 70 mph, according to the National Hurricane Center. By late Sunday, Henri had sustained winds of about 30 mph as it moved across Connecticut toward the New York state line. President Biden says he approved emergency declarations for New England states impacted by Henri. President Biden on Sunday said he has approved emergency declarations for Rhode Island, Connecticut and New York as they address the damage brought by Tropical Storm Henri. The emergency declarations activate funds and gives the federal government more leeway to intervene. "We don't know the full extent of the storm's impact today. But we're acting to prepare for and prevent damage as much as possible and to speed help to affected communities so they can recover as quickly as possible. Biden urges governors of affected regions to take advantage of FEMA assistance.