On-set medic's home is being guarded by security. The home of the on-set medic, who tended to Halyna Hutchins, is being guarded by security, Fox News can confirm. The security personnel is from the same security detail at Bonanza Ranch where the movie was being filmed. Alec Baldwin movie's assistant director admits to gun-safety mistakes, search warrant reveals. The assistant director on the movie "Rust" admitted to a safety lapse, according to a new search warrant obtained by Fox News. David Halls was one of three people including Alec Baldwin who handled the firearm prior to the accidental discharge that killed cinematographer Halyna Hutchins and wounded director Joel Souza. During an interview with detectives, Halls noted that he typically checks the barrel of the gun for obstructions while armorer Hannah Gutierrez Reed opens the hatch and spins the drum to advise him whether or not it is a "cold gun," an industry term used to announce whether a gun has live ammunition or not. He said in an affidavit that when Reed showed him the gun before continuing rehearsal that day, he could only remember seeing three rounds. He advised he should have checked all of them, but didn't, and couldn't recall if she spun the drum. No charges for Alec Baldwin, anyone involved in 'Rust' production at this time. Santa Fe County Sheriff Adan Mendoza shared his investigators' initial findings Wednesday in the fatal movie-set shooting in which Alec Baldwin fired a gun used on set, killing a cinematographer and wounding the director. At a press conference, Mendoza told reporters "it is too early right now in the investigation to comment on charges" and that his department is working with the FBI to process evidence. District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies said that she will not comment on potential charges that Baldwin could face. However, she noted that criminal charges are on the table. Authorities don't know Alec Baldwin's whereabouts but he is cooperating with their investigation. Alec Baldwin's whereabouts are unknown to the Santa Fe County Sheriff's Department at this time. However, he has been in touch and is fully cooperating with the investigation. He was not asked to refrain from traveling outside of the state following the shut down of production on "Rust" and no charges have been filed against him nor anyone else involved in the production of the movie.