The trial of the three men charged in the fatal shooting of Ahmaud Arbery continued into its fifth day on Thursday, with jurors watching a nearly four-hour deposition from Larry English, the owner of the home under construction. Travis McMichael, his father Greg McMichael, and their neighbor, William "Roddie" Bryan, face murder and other charges in the Feb. 23, 2020 shooting of the 25-year-old in the Satilla Shores neighborhood outside Brunswick. The three men contend they were trying to make a citizen's arrest because they suspected Arbery of entering English's vacant home following a string of neighborhood break-ins. State prosecutors have said while Arbery was seen inside the unsecured home on several occasions, he never stole anything or damaged any property. Here's the latest from inside the courtroom: [4 p.m.]: Court has adjourned for the day. Prosecutor Linda Dunikoski says the state's next witness, Officer Robert Rash, could take a while. "Given the jury has just spent seven hours looking at a video, I leave it to the court as to whether to proceed." The trial resumes at 9 a.m. Friday. [3:55 p.m.]: In the deposition video, English tells Rubin that he never told any of his neighbors that the missing electronics may not have been stolen from his boat while it was stored in Satilla Shores. "To your knowledge, they were left with knowledge that stuff had been stolen from your boat at 220 Satilla Drive," Rubin said. "I guess so," English says. [3:40 p.m.]: During a 15-minute break, one of the jurors passed a note expressing concerns about the information being released by the pool reporters inside the courtroom. "How much can the media talk about or describe us?" the juror wrote. Walmsley assured them that he issued an order limiting the amount of personal information that could be released by the media. "As far as personally identifying information, that is not to be released under the court's order," the judge said. "There is obviously interest in this case and it's being reported on." [2:55 p.m.]: English confirms he installed additional cameras and removed his off-shore boat from his property in mid-November 2019 because he was concerned about people coming into the vacant home. "You were concerned," Rubin told him.