It took maybe 30 seconds for the family of Blaise Barnett to take their eyes off the 1-year-old boy as they unloaded groceries early Wednesday morning, and he was gone. In that time, they say someone climbed into the driver's seat of their gray Ford Explorer and took off with the toddler — wearing only a diaper and a black shirt with blue dinosaurs — still strapped in his car seat. An Amber Alert was issued for the child early Wednesday, and for 10 hours police had no leads in the case. Shortly before noon, a tipster followed a hunch and located the stolen SUV a few miles away. But Blaise was not inside, Clarkston police officials confirmed during a news conference Wednesday afternoon. The Explorer, which had paper tags, was obscured by bushes at the vacant Brannon Hill Condominiums complex along Memorial College Avenue, police said. It was towed from the scene by a wrecker, and Clarkston police later confirmed the child's car seat was also missing from the vehicle. James Dent told Channel 2 Action News he first spotted a man walking in the area, which drew his attention to the stolen vehicle. Dent said he tried to approach the man, but he ran off shouting. Clarkston police found the man and questioned him, but released him a short time later. "I just kept saying this is a dream. This just can't be real," Xavier Barnett told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution from outside his Clarkston apartment as the search for his son continued into Wednesday night. "I just broke down. Please, bring him home. The car don't even matter, just bring my son home." Blaise Barnett was reported missing at 1 a.m. from the Parc 1000 apartments at 1000 Montreal Road. According to a police report, Blaise's parents were running bags of groceries to their apartment and returned to the parking lot to find their vehicle and their son gone. His father told police he carried his 3-year-old nephew inside first and was coming back for the toddler. "He was in there for probably like 30 seconds, maybe, and within those 30 seconds he came back outside and the car was gone with Blaise in it," Deonna Bray, the child's mother, told the AJC. WATCH: BREAKING - Amber Alert issued for 1-year-old taken during car theft in Clarkston - https://t.co/qNm51T238o #DeKalb pic.twitter.com/eVpAiVgJ4s The vehicle was not left running, but its keys were in the cupholder, according to the report.