Just a month after leaving office, Donald Trump on Sunday broke with the practices of past former presidents and took on the man who beat him in the 2020 election. During a keynote address in Orlando, Fla., that lasted an hour and a half — and began more than an hour late — to the friendly Conservative Political Action Conference, or CPAC, Trump blasted President Biden's tenure so far. He called it "the most disastrous first month of any president in modern history" and hit Biden on many fronts — from immigration to national security to Biden's coronavirus pandemic response. The main thrust of Trump's criticism, though, was on immigration policy. He claimed Biden was "eliminating our [southern] border," triggering "a massive flood of illegal immigration" that was letting criminals pour out onto U.S. streets. It was similar to the dark and nativist anti-immigration vision that helped launch Trump to political prominence in the first place, from his 2015 presidential campaign announcement. Trump called on Biden to reopen schools, which closed down during Trump's tenure due to the pandemic, saying that Biden "caved to the teachers unions." "They're cheating the next generation of Americans out of the future that they deserve, and they do deserve this future," Trump said. "They're going to grow up and they're going to have a scar." Biden has said his goal is to have the majority of schools open for in-person learning within the first 100 days of his administration. The former president did not save his ire exclusively for his successor. He maintained the false conspiracy theory that he actually won the 2020 election, and despite picking three of the Supreme Court's current members, he blasted the court for not siding with him, saying the justices should be "ashamed." Trump said he would not be starting a third party. He called for unity in the Republican Party and said he would work to elect Republicans — in his mold. But he called out Republicans by name who have opposed him. He teased that he could run again in 2024. "Who knows?" he said, furthering his false claims of election victory: "I may even decide to beat them [Democrats] for the third time." Trump lost the 2020 Electoral College vote and the popular vote by 7 million overall. Dozens of courts threw out his and his allies' frivolous claims of election fraud in multiple states, and his own administration called the 2020 election the "most secure" election in history.