As communities begin lifting COVID-19 restrictions, many museums around the country are finally able to reopen their doors. Reserve a ticket, venture in and you will find that your favorite artifacts have been waiting patiently for your return and that museum staff have used their "time off" to mount new exhibitions and create new experiences. Many free museum admission programs are back, too. "While the museum visit may look a little different, whether that be enhanced cleaning procedures or wearing masks, visitors can expect a safe experience in which their curiosity is sparked and they feel reconnected to their communities," says Laura Lott, president and CEO of the American Alliance of Museums. Here are some museums where you can start getting reconnected. 'Pawns & Passports' at the World Chess Hall of Fame, St. Louis. To inspire travel planning, the World Chess Hall of Fame in St. Louis makes a move with "Pawns & Passports," an exhibition featuring more than 50 chess sets celebrating the popular culture of different regions, including a Russian chess set made from ancient mammoth ivory and an elegant Chinese puzzle ball set with carved concentric spheres. The exhibition runs June 3 through Jan. 30, 2022. A virtual tour of the exhibit will be available. 'Driven to Win: Racing in America' at the Henry Ford Museum of American Innovation, Dearborn, Michigan. The sprawling Henry Ford Museum of American Innovation in Dearborn, Michigan, is now open daily and revved up with a new permanent exhibit about American auto racing. "Driven to Win: Racing in America" celebrates stock cars, sports cars, drag racing, land-speed racing and more, with plenty of interactive displays, historic race cars and racing simulators. The 80-acre outdoor Greenfield Village reopened April 17, but only Thursday through Sunday for now because of the pandemic. The longrunning Motor Muster in Greenfield Village returns on Father's Day weekend. 'Kusama: Cosmic Nature' at the New York Botanical Garden, Bronx, New York. A celebration of the wonderfully imaginative artwork of Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama, who has a lifelong fascination with and whimsical view of nature, is taking place through Oct. 31 across the 250 acres of the New York Botanical Garden.