Wheel of Fortune is set to make a significant change to its format when the show returns to screens for Season 39 next week. Pat Sajak and Vanna White have signed new contracts to continue hosting the long-running game show through the 2023-2024 season, bringing back a dose of assured familiarity for viewers. However, one major alteration may take some getting used to for fans, as it has been announced that Sajak will no longer do the famed "Final Spin" segment of the show. Instead, the task will be handed to the contestant in control of the Wheel at the time, allowing their spin to determine the cash each consonant is worth during the round. Addressing the format update, Sajak threw his support behind contestants overseeing their own earnings on the show, rather than the host. "If you think about it, by doing the 'final spin' I, as host, had an impact on the outcome of the game and that has always bothered me because it just didn't feel right," he said, per Deadline. "With this change, only the contestants determine the outcome of the game and the host does not impose themself in any way." Other changes will be noticeable before the opening spin takes place during September 13's season premiere, as the theme song, "Changing Keys," will be heard on screens with a modernized arrangement. Once viewers get a look inside the studio, they will see Jim Thornton—who will mark his 10th anniversary as Wheel of Fortune announcer—getting some more screen time, as he introduces Sajak and White from a new podium on the stage. Contestants will also be given the opportunity to take home more money, as the "Free Play" wedge has been removed from the Wheel in favor of an $850 wedge. The "Triple Toss-Up" round will also prove to be a bigger earner, as a $4,000 bonus will be given to contestants who solve all three puzzles, boosting potential earnings to $10,000 in the segment. And, in marking the beloved show's 39th season, the minimum amount that can be won on the Bonus Wheel has been bumped up to $39,000. Away from TV screens, Sajak's daughter, Maggie Sajak, will join the family as a social correspondent across the show's online entities, including the official website and social media accounts. Pat Sajak, who first hosted Wheel of Fortune in December 1981, was forced to take a break from the show in 2019 as he underwent surgery for a blocked intestine.