Season 5 of Rick and Morty came to an end on Adult Swim last night and the popular sci-fi cartoon left fans wondering when it would return for Season 6. Dan Harmon and Justin Roiland created the series back in 2013 and since then it's become one of the most popular shows on TV, with each episode met with great anticipation. Season 6 is no different, but fortunately the team behind the show have left breadcrumbs of information which confirmed that Rick and Morty will in fact be back for a new season. Here's everything we know about Season 6 of Rick and Morty so far. Even though Adult Swim hasn't formally announced Rick and Morty will return for Season 6, both Harmon and Roiland have discussed the new seasons online. First of all we know that Rick and Morty will be back for more since Adult Swim made a deal with the creators back in 2018 and ordered 70 more episodes of the show. At the time this was after 30 episodes were made, taking them to 100 in total. After the series finale, there have been 50 episodes of Rick and Morty broadcast, so we're only just half way through. Each season of Rick and Morty has featured 10 episodes (except Season 1, which had 11), so under that same structure, Season 6 could feature ten new episodes as well. After the deal for more episodes was signed, Roiland told Polygon that he hopes the added security means there won't be any big gaps between seasons. This could imply that Season 6 will arrive by the summer of 2022. Dan Harmon inadvertently confirmed Season 6 was coming in a social media post he sent out in May last year. While discussing on his other show Community, he mentioned how writer Alex Rubens was already writing for Season 6 of Rick and Morty. Looking even further ahead, a staff writer for the show Cody Ziglar seemed to confirm that Season 7 had already been written too. Sharing images of an online meeting room featuring Harmon and other writers, on August 7 Ziglar wrote: "That's a friggin' wrap on Rick & Morty season 7. We all stared into the abyss & saw the face of God & It was a Gundam. God is a Gundam & does the Naruto run.