Cinderella, the iconic Disney fairytale, has had many remakes over the years but nobody could have foreseen Amazon Prime's modern-musical take on the classic tale, featuring a star-studded cast, an upbeat soundtrack and an alternative ending. The film follows Cinderella (also known as Ella), an aspiring fashion designer and her unexpected romance with Prince Robert, the reluctant heir to the throne. Award-winning singer Camila Cabello plays Cinderella — her first acting role and the first Latina to play the princess. Cabello shows off her vocal talents throughout the movie, from the big ballad "Million to One" to covering Jennifer Lopez's "Let's Get Loud." Newsweek has the full list of every song featured in Cinderella 2021. Rhythm Nation/You Gotta Be — Janet Jackson/Des'ree A mash-up of Janet Jackson's "Rhythm Nation" and "You Gotta Be" by Des'ree opens Cinderella. "Rhythm Nation" is performed but the entire cast, whilst the verses from "You Gotta Be" are performed by Cabello as Cinderella. Million to One — Camila Cabello "Million to One," co-written and performed by Cabello is the first original song to feature in the Cinderella movie. As Cabello belts the powerful lyrics, audiences learn of Cinderella's dreams to open her own boutique and sell her handmade dresses. "Million to One" is also reprised numerous times throughout the film. The New Barry — Ben Bailey Smith Comedian, actor, and rapper Ben Bailey Smith stars as The Town Crier in Cinderella. Through the medium of rap, The Town Crier narrates what is happening in the tale of Cinderella. "The New Barry" is an original song and reveals the royal family is about to announce a ball to find Prince Robert a suitor. Somebody to Love — Queen Nicholas Galitzine as Prince Robert performs "Somebody to Love" by Queen, just moments after he has been told by his father King Rowan (played by Pierce Brosnan) he must marry a woman of his own social status, but Robert is not interested. Material Girl — Madonna Idina Menzel performs a cover of "Material Girl" by Madonna in a bid to explain to her daughters the only way to make your way in the world is to marry a rich man. Shot at the Crown — Ben Bailey Smith The Town Crier raps "Shot at the Crown" ahead of the highly-anticipated ball, just moments after Prince Robert (who is disguised as a commoner) invites Cinderella to attend.