It would take weeks to fully savor all of Rhode Island's rich Native American history, heritage and culture, but a one-day exploration of prominent places is nonetheless rewarding. And so, mindful of the recommendations of Indigenous leaders and my own reporting over the years, I set off recently on a day trip that anyone with a vehicle can take. I started in Providence, where the rush-hour commute was subsiding as I drove along Dyer Street, across the Providence River from College Hill. I turned off at Pine Street, parked, and gazed up at "Still Here," a towering mural on a wall of 32 Custom House St. Commissioned by The Avenue Concept and painted by Baltimore artist Gaia in collaboration with the Tomaquag Museum in Exeter, "Still Here" depicts Narragansett Lynsea Montanari holding a photograph of the late Princess Red Wing (Narragansett/Niantic, Pokanoket), a driving force in the founding of Tomaquag. I recalled what Tomaquag Executive Director Lorén Spears (Narragansett/Niantic) had told me before my tour: "Keep in mind every place is our homeland, even if the urban sprawl has erased that from the front of people's minds." From Providence, I drove to Warren, where I visited Burr's Hill Royal Pokanoket Burial Site. Here, remains of Native Americans, including the great Sachem Massasoit, who died centuries ago, lie beneath grass-covered mounds. Sachem Tracey Dancing Star Brown and Sagamore William Winds of Thunder Guy (both from Pokanoket Tribe/Pokanoket Nation) gave me some of the history of the site. It was desecrated in the mid-1800s to build a railroad. A sign on Water Street summarizes the history of the site. Route 114 South brought me to Newport and Miantanomi Memorial Park. A steep walk up a hill brought me to a clearing and a World War I memorial. In the 1600s, the hill was the seat of power for Miantanomi (also sometimes spelled Miantonomo or Miantonomah), a Narragansett Indian sachem. In his time, Narraganset Bay and the Atlantic Ocean were visible from the hilltop, but trees have since obscured the view. A sea breeze cools the spot, and benches provide opportunity for quiet reflection. I descended the hill, drove across the Pell and Jamestown bridges, and followed Route 1 South to 138 West past the University of Rhode Island to South County Trail, Route 2. I headed south and about two miles later took a left onto Great Swamp Monument Road.