PROVIDENCE — What do you get when you combine a businessman, a chef and an artist? You get Fox Point's newest restaurant, a tapas bar named Aguardente for those seeking out new cultural experiences. The businessman is owner Victor Pereira. In 2018, when Syrian refugee Youssef Akhtarin opened the much-acclaimed Aleppo Sweets in Providence, it was with financial support from Periera and his wife Sandy Martin. Today, Sept. 22, he opens his own passion project to focus on culture, art and of course, good ethnic food with a Rhode Island twist. His longtime friends, and now partners, are chef Natalia Paiva-Neves and artist Magda Leon. Born in Portugal, Pereira said Aguardente follows a narrative in his life. Like many people of a certain age, he and his parents sought to assimilate in the United States. He went to college at Boston University, worked in the retail industry and real estate, working in many spots around the world. What feels important now is making sure his heritage is not lost. It's time to hold on to his Portuguese culture. Bold tapas dishes with art and culture. "The best way to do that is with food and spirits, as well as with art," Pereira said. In Paiva-Neves and Leon, he found like-minded friends. The chef was born in the Azores and the artist in Guatemala. They too, believe in the importance of holding tight to the cultures of their native lands. Together they've created a new tapas bar, cultivating inspiration from their roots, and bringing a Rhode Island twist. The meaning of Aguardente. The name Aguardente refers to a Portuguese liquor which translates into "fire water," said Pereira. Unique imported spirits will also star on the restaurant's menu. Paiva-Neves curated the menu. If her name sounds familiar, it's because she has run O'Dinis, the Portuguese East Providence restaurant. She has embraced Pereira's concept saying "People are seeking out cultural experiences." She said she has loved creating the new menu. "It's been great to get my artistic side free flowing," she said adding she enjoyed many late nights testing recipes in her kitchen. It's seafood heavy for much of the tapas. There are octopus dishes included a cold salad inspired by her son's love of snail salad. A grilled octopus dish pairs it with garlicky prawns. Vegetarian dishes at Aguardente. After sitting with a vegan for one tasting, Paiva-Neves added an array of vegetarian dishes.