The smallest state's smallest city doesn't just hold the record for its size. It also holds the record for most diversity. In celebration of its many faces, Central Falls unveiled a new logo on Thursday with the tagline, "Diversity That Inspires." The revamped emblem, splashed in yellow, green and blue, represents prosperity, hope, love for nature, bodies of water and purity. For Mayor Maria Rivera, it also represents the completion of a goal she formulated before entering office. "A vision that I have had since prior to being sworn in today is a reality," she said. "This is a monumental day for us because we have officially moved beyond our days of being known as the comeback city, and that's thanks to our hardworking families, businesses, leaders and community members who have helped us grow and evolve in so many new and exciting ways." The clear message: Central Falls no longer wishes to be defined by its struggle – receiving its old nickname after declaring, then emerging from bankruptcy a decade ago. Now, it is aiming to position itself as a place of vibrancy and possibility. Pamphlets handed out at the announcement of the rebranding focused not only on ethnic diversity, but the array of restaurant options in the city, and its assortment of parks, cultural monuments and educational alternatives. More:What does the 2020 Census say about New England? The region is more populated, diverse. More:Growth in cities drove RI population increase in 2020 Census According to 2020 Census data, the 1.29-square-mile city had more than 22,000 residents, about 65% of them identifying as Hispanic, 18% as non-Hispanic white, and 7.5% as Black. The Hispanic population increased by 26% from the 2010 count. Sue Levasseur, a lifelong Central Falls resident and branding committee member, emphasized that no taxpayer dollars were used to fund the more than $23,000 bill for the logo's production as numerous sponsors financed the project. That includes Amica insurance company, Neighborhood Health Plan of Rhode Island, Telemundo and Family Self Efficiency Foundation -- each of which contributed $5,000 -- and the Rhode Island Foundation, which gave $3,000. Navigant Credit Union and Tufts Health Plan also provided funding as part of their ongoing support of the city's initiatives.