It's not often you come across one of the nation's oldest freeze-dried beavers. Or tomaquag, as the Narragansetts would call it in their native tongue. The tomaquag and nkeke — an otter — are among more than a dozen taxidermied animals housed in the Tomaquag Museum, nestled among a few small homes and 10 times as many trees in Exeter. Perched atop glass cabinets, baring teeth while surveying visitors below, the furry relics are just two of the 15,000-something Native American cultural belongings stashed in the building, which is now completing the tedious task of documenting and digitizing each one. Lorén Spears, a Niantic and Narragansett descendant herself, is leading the charge. Walking around the museum's exhibits, carefully arranged in what was once the home of a mill owner, then a church, Spears speaks first about her grandparents, Eleanor and Ferris Dove. In 1960, the duo founded the Dovecrest Indian Restaurant next door. Though it turned off its lights in 1984, its memory — and that of Eleanor and Ferris — lives on in the museum's display cases, which feature menu printouts offering jonnycakes and stuffed quahogs alongside a game meat special. Spears remembers those days, having waited and cleared tables, never imagining she would one day serve as the executive director of the museum that is now next door to the old eatery. In her telling, the museum was a place you volunteered, not a place you got a job. It all began in 1958 with Princess Red Wing, a Narragansett and Pokanoket-Wampanoag descendant, and anthropologist Eva Butler. Together, the two created what remains Rhode Island's only Indigenous museum, with Butler providing the base collection of items and Red Wing adding her own. Unlike a traditional museum, the Tomaquag doesn't transport its visitors through a linear history, but one that is mixed with an assortment of artifacts old and new. Turn to your left and you'll find a tribal seal etched by Red Wing in 1934. Turn to your right and you'll find a contemporary top hat decorated with beads, wampum, antler and quill. Spears' mission at the museum and through her work as an educator and author is to combat what she calls the "rhetoric of erasure," an effort to ignore and forget Native history. Standing next to a cardboard cutout of Ellison "Tarzan" Brown, a Narragansett, two-time Boston Marathon winner and Olympic athlete, Spears says it's people like him who forced the state to remember.