PROVIDENCE — Performing-arts nonprofit FirstWorks will bring live music back to Roger Williams Park this summer in a series of free Sunday concerts with a global perspective. "FirstWorks Live," which runs June 27 through Sept. 19, will showcase local and national acts in a range of styles, from Latin jazz to hip-hop to indigenous folk music. The series, a partnership between FirstWorks, the Roger Williams Park Conservancy and the Providence Parks Department, grew out of the Summer Beats and Global Journeys performance series that took place in socially distanced fashion last July through October. "We had, as everyone did during the pandemic, a year where we were trying new things and building the plane as we were flying it," said FirstWorks Artistic Director Kathleen Pletcher. "A key thing for FirstWorks is partnering across the local community, across the Northeast and even across the world," she said. "We feel like the outdoors is the new indoors this summer, and that we've really reconnected with the intergenerational experience, with people dancing and eating with their families and their friends in an idyllic setting." Pletcher said the series will offer an "intersection of hyperlocal and world-class musicians and artists." Kicking things off on June 27 at the Dalrymple Boathouse Lawn will be the Rhode Island-based dance and drum troupe Napua O' Polynesia, with a mix of modern and traditional hula traditions that will provide a cultural tour of Hawaii, New Zealand, Tahiti and the Philippines. Local Latin jazz icon Carlos de Leon promises to bring some hot rhythms on July 18, while multigenerational family band Voces de los Andes unveils its brand of contemporary-tinged Andean instrumental and folk music on Aug. 1. After playing in venues with smaller audiences due to COVID restrictions, de Leon said he'll welcome getting back in front of a larger crowd in his upcoming show. "I'm looking forward to their feedback," he said. "Ninety percent of the music in my performance is my own music. I play some music written by other people but very few, stuff like Tito Puente's 'Oye Como Va' and pieces like that." A Caribbean Carnival with a lineup of local and national talent is planned for Aug. 15. And Pawtucket hip-hop artist Chachi Carvalho will be hosting a dance party with his backing band The International Players on Aug. 29. Boston-based Native American singer-songwriter Thea Hopkins will close out the series on Sept. 19.