Award-winning Christian singer Ellie Holcomb released her latest album Canyon this month and said the music is a reflection of how God meets His children in the lowest and darkest places of their lives. After garnering massive success as an independent artist, Canyon marks Holcomb's first release on a major record company, Capitol Christian Music Group. The award-winning artist birthed the new record after walking through a season of instant healing for herself. "I went through a season of ... a counseling journey of visiting some of the deepest wounds in my own story. That's not my personality. I'm a seven on the enneagram. [For] sevens, the main motivation is avoiding pain at all costs," In an interview with The Christian Post, which can be watched below, Holcomb said she was " ... so grateful to ... learn how to grieve and lament. I had acknowledged a lot of things in counseling before — I'm a big advocate of counseling — but I learned to actually go to the places, to the wounds of my story, the places that I thought would kill me to visit, and just learn to grieve and to breathe there." It was in those places that the bestselling children's author said she encountered the "tenderness and the empathy of God." That revelation from God is something Holcomb says she will never be able to shake. Before Canyon, the singer-songwriter had written a whole record about her healing journey. Then, unexpectedly, a tornado tore through her Nashville neighborhood last March, followed a week later by nationwide lockdowns spurred by COVID-19. With political divisions and racial tensions rising to the surface in 2020, compacted by the magnitude of the loss of life from the novel coronavirus, the artist began to think that there was another message God wanted her to share with her music. Once the COVID-19 cases began to drop, Holcomb and her husband went on a trip to the Grand Cayon, and that is where the new album was born. "We camped on the Northern Rim, and then we went down into the canyon and rafted on the river; [we] camped on the riverbanks and then rafted out. I will never forget our guide. I don't think he was necessarily a person of faith, but he was talking about just that that creation declares the glory of God.