The Chronicle's guide to notable arts and entertainment happenings in the Bay Area. Outside Lands Festival Halloween 2021: Bay Area haunted houses, concerts and more ways to celebrate the spooky season Halloween 2021: Bay Area family-friendly events and pumpkin patch fun Halloween 2021: Bay Area parties and live music for the over-21 crowd How to celebrate Día de los Muertos in the Bay Area Chronicle movie critic Mick LaSalle and The Chronicle's former pop music critic Joel Selvin, who havemore than 80 years of critical experience between them, are scheduled to sit down with Chronicle pop culture critic Peter Hartlaub to discuss their latest books that deal with music, movies and culture in the Golden State. Selvin is the author of "Hollywood Eden: Electric Guitars, Fast Cars, and the Myth of the California Paradise," a book about the Southern California music scene in the 1960s that gave birth to a host of talent including Jan and Dean, the Beach Boys and the Mamas and the Papas. LaSalle's book, titled "Dream State: California in the Movies," is about California concepts and myths that have shaped American culture over the past century. The virtual Chronicle event is free, but registration is required. Chronicle Live: California in Movies and Music: 5:30 p.m. Tuesday, Oc. 26. Free, registration required. bit.ly/LASALLESELVIN — Chronicle staff The Decibels Music Film Fest attempts to bring the live music experience to movie theaters, with a wide selection across a spectrum of musical tastes and cultures. Its 2021 edition features a combination of live and streaming options. Twenty-five films will be available for streaming. Ten films will be shown theatrically at the Roxie Theater. The festival's website has a list of all the films, as well as trailers and streaming instructions, so that you can watch the films on your television rather than a small computer screen. Among the films is "Vinyl Nation," a documentary about vinyl records and their resurgence. Tickets are available for individual films, but festival passes are also available. Decibels Music Film Festival: Wednesday, Oct. 27. Through Nov. 7. Streaming online at https://decibels2021.eventive.org/welcome; $10-$150. In person screenings at the Roxie Theater, 3117 16th St., S.F. www.roxie.com. Festival lounge party 7:30 p.m., Wed., Oct. 27. $15. DNA Lounge, 375 11th St., S.F. www.dnalounge.com — Mick LaSalle Many pianists — perhaps most — include the music of Chopin somewhere in their regular performance repertoire. But there's a separate breed of pianist, the Chopin specialist, who tend to delve more deeply into this music than most.