The White House confirmed Friday that it won't grant former President Donald Trump executive privilege over the first trove of documents that have been requested by the select congressional committee investigating the deadly Jan. 6 attack. The Jan. 6 committee is ramping up its investigation into rioters breaching the U.S. Capitol to overturn the 2020 presidential election and stop the certification of President Joe Biden's victory. The panel has requested documents – and demanded subpoenas in some cases – from a range of executive branch agencies and members of Trump's inner circle to try and piece together what the former president and administration knew leading up to and on Jan. 6. In response to the committee's demands over the past two months, Trump claims executive privilege can shield them from the subpoenas and document requests, including the ones to the National Archives and Records Administration which houses communications records at the White House. But White House press secretary Jen Psaki said Friday that Biden wouldn't assert executive privilege over the first batch of documents, though she didn't rule it out over future ones. "As a part of this process, the president has determined that an assertion of executive privilege is not warranted for the first set of documents from the Trump White House that have been provided to us from the National Archives," Psaki said at Friday's press briefing. "As we've said previously, this will be an ongoing process and this is just the first set of documents." "And we will evaluate questions of privilege on a case by case basis, but the president has also been clear that he believes it to be of the utmost importance for both Congress and the American people to have a complete understanding of the events of that day to prevent them from happening again," she added. The two requests sent to the National Archives from members of Congress in March and August are sweeping and most notably ask for documents and communications on Jan. 6 related to Trump himself, former Vice President Mike Pence, Trump's adult sons and daughter, former chief of staff Mark Meadows and other close advisers and allies. Following the Biden White House's announcement, Trump fiercely pushed back, saying he sent his own letter Friday to the National Archives arguing he has executive privilege rights over a few dozen of the requested documents.