"The thing is, I was born brilliant," Cruella de Vil says in the new live-action Disney prequel to "One Hundred and One Dalmatians." "Born bad. And a little bit mad." Not quite. In her first incarnation, Cruella de Vil was a married woman with a cat. Created by the British playwright and children's novelist Dodie Smith, Cruella was born in a 1956 children's novel, "The 101 Dalmatians." Yes, the skunk hair and selfish nature were there from the start, but the original Cruella was more of a spoiled socialite than a Maleficent — at least outwardly — and conveyed a preternatural calm. She doused her food in pepper, was expelled from school for drinking ink, boasted of having the loudest car horn in London and was married to a wealthy furrier — though not for love, apparently. She wanted unfettered access to as many fabulous fur coats as possible. Through the years, the Cruella character has been featured in a number of adaptations, including two Disney animated films, an animated TV series, two live-action "101 Dalmatians" takes (in which she is portrayed by Glenn Close), a BBC audio drama, a stage musical, a young-adult book series and now the live-action origin story, "Cruella," with Emma Stone as the title character. And, while the Dalmatians have always been a constant, Cruella has gotten more fabulous, funny and — dare we say it? — likable. Though the headstrong heiress of Smith's novel lacked the spiky charisma of Close's domineering fashion designer or the sympathetic shadow of Stone's tragically orphaned girl who breaks bad, Walt Disney found the character intriguing enough to acquire the rights from Smith for a 1961 animated film — which produced an instantly recognizable theme song. Marc Davis,who oversaw the animation of Cruella in "One Hundred and One Dalmatians," deserves credit for creating the on-screen standard, from Cruella's disheveled hair and crazed temperament to her unhinged driving and long green cigarette holder, which was modeled on one of his own. He also gave her red lipstick and an exaggerated fur coat with a red lining (she's a devil, remember?), while Bill Peet, who wrote the screenplay, axed her cat and husband from the story. If you set aside the dognapping and puppy-skinning plots (which are, admittedly, hard to overlook), Disney's version of Cruella has always been a bit of a feminist fantasy.