Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here. Check out what's clicking today in entertainment. Sharon Stone has had it with cancel culture. The "Basic Instinct" star, 63, said as much on Thursday when she joined SiriusXM's "Just Jenny" and opened up to radio host Jenny Hutt, who asked Stone her feelings on celebrities and people in general being "afraid to have real conversations." "I think cancel culture is the stupidest thing I have ever seen happen," Stone fumed while discussing her new book, "The Beauty of Living Twice," which is scheduled to be released on March 30. "I think when people say things that they feel and mean, and it's offensive to you, it's a brilliant opportunity for everyone to learn and grow and understand each other," Stone continued. EX-'HOWARD STERN' SHOW STAFFER SHULI EGAR ON CANCEL CULTURE: 'THE HIGHER YOU ARE, THE MORE YOU HAVE TO FEAR' The outspoken actress expressed that "we all come from different ages, different cultures, different backgrounds, different things, and have had different experiences, different traumas, different upbringings, different parents, different religious backgrounds, different everything" and thus, folks should "give people an opportunity to discuss things before you wipe out their entire person over a statement or a comment or a misunderstanding." SHARON STONE SAYS A PRODUCER TOLD HER TO SLEEP WITH 'BASIC INSTINCT' CO-STAR TO BUILD 'CHEMISTRY' Added Stone: "Stop being so small." Hutt agreed with Stone's premise and the actress pressed further that "the world is bigger." "People have done so much more than one sentence," Stone said. Sharon Stone told those playing into cancel culture to 'grow up' in a recent SiriusXM interview with Jenny Hutt. (Photo by Rich Polk/Getty Images for IMDb) At the end of the day, Stone urges everyone to "grow up" and "grow some empathy." On Wednesday, Stone appeared on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" and during the interview, revealed the best advice she learned as an actress throughout her long career. SHARON STONE DEFENDS 'BRILLIANT' ACTORS WHO HAVE MELTDOWNS ON MOVIE SETS While Stone told the late-night host that she tries to work with directors who understand the needs of a performer, she also gets why certain talent in the business lash out in order to get their way. "Are there any instances where you talk about snapping in here," Colbert says while gesturing towards Stone's book.