"Entourage" certainly made its mark during its eight-season run on HBO from 2004 to 2011, but creator Doug Ellin appears to hold a grudge against the network for giving into PC culture, which he accuses of stunting the show's legacy. "I resent it tremendously," Ellin admitted in a wide-ranging interview about the Emmy-nominated series with Yahoo Entertainment. The series, starring five male leads played by Adrian Grenier (Vincent Chase), Jeremy Piven (Ari Gold) Kevin Dillon (Drama), Kevin Connelly (Eric "E" Murphy) and Jerry Ferrara (Turtle), encapsulated the early 21st century Hollywood. The creator cited the "wave of righteous PC culture" as a reason HBO hasn't given the series the same opportunities as other past hit shows on the network, such as "The Sopranos" and the female-led romantic comedy-drama "The Sex and the City." A "Sopranos" prequel film titled "The Many Saints of Newark" will be released later this year, while the "Sex and the City" revival series is also in the works. CAST OF 'ENTOURAGE' SHARES THEIR SECRETS (Left to right) Jeremy Piven, Kevin Connolly, Adrian Grenier, Kevin Dillon and Jerry Ferrara pose as they arrive at the premiere of HBO's final season of "Entourage" in New York July 19, 2011. (Reuters) "Nobody says that about 'The Sopranos,' where they murder people, that maybe we should readdress whether murdering people on TV is OK," he told the outlet. "I don't want to sound obnoxious or that I'm looking at 'Entourage' as high art, but it was a pretty accurate portrayal of how people [acted] at that time in Hollywood," Ellin continued. He also disagrees with the notion that the show "was this vulgar boyfest that people like to paint it as now." "When we came out, the New York Times said we were the smartest show on television! If we did reboot the show, it's not that I would make it any more PC, but I would write it to the best of my abilities to reflect the reality of the world right now." The 53-year-old screenwriter and director discussed HBO's passing on a pilot he pitched featuring Michael Imperioli, Michael Rapaport and Ed Burns -- a move he declared he'll "never forgive them for." EVERYTHING COMING TO AND LEAVING HBO MAX IN APRIL 2021 "Whether they thought it was good or not, I earned my chance to have a second shot, and they put some other pretty crappy shows on [instead]," Ellin said.