House Democrats delayed Thursday's vote on the $1 trillion infrastructure bill amid firm resistance from progressives who want more concrete action on the multitrillion-dollar part of President Joe Biden's agenda before supporting the bipartisan legislation. Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California's decision to postpone the infrastructure vote dealt a blow to one piece of Biden's economic platform. But Democrats aren't operating on a hard deadline and are seeking to take up the legislation again on Friday. The House is currently in recess and Democratic leaders said any votes that could occur won't happen before 9:30 a.m. Passage of the bipartisan infrastructure bill remains in limbo since Democrats are at odds over their $3.5 trillion spending bill that encompasses a wide range of health, education, family and climate programs. The party needs uniform support since they're trying to pass the bill through the budget reconciliation process: Senate Democrats don't need any GOP votes to overcome possible filibusters, but they also can't afford any defections from their 50-member caucus. Moderates like Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Sen. Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona don't support the current version of the reconciliation bill, including some provisions and its overall price tag. But without their commitment to it, progressives in the House are refusing to support the infrastructure legislation since they fear losing leverage in negotiations. Pelosi, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York and White House economic advisers spent much of Thursday holding 11th-hour meetings with groups of progressives and moderates like Sinema and Manchin. They were hoping to strike a deal on the reconciliation bill so Democrats could move forward on infrastructure, but negotiations remain ongoing. "A great deal of progress has been made this week, and we are closer to an agreement than ever," White House press secretary Jen Psaki said in a statement. "But we are not there yet, and so, we will need some additional time to finish the work, starting tomorrow morning first thing." Manchin, at least, has indicated that he wants a topline number no higher than $1.5 trillion – a significant cut to the existing total that is likely to be rebuffed by progressives.