In the frantic bid to avert a default on the nation's debt, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell held a position of unusual power — as the one who orchestrated both the problem and the solution. McConnell is no longer the majority leader, but he is exerting his minority status in convoluted and uncharted ways, all in an effort to stop President Biden's domestic agenda, even when doing so pushes the country toward grave economic uncertainty. All said, the outcome of this debt crisis leaves zero confidence there won't be another one. In fact, McConnell engineered an end to the standoff that ensures Congress will be in the same spot in December, when funding to pay America's bills next runs out. That means another potentially devastating debt showdown as the COVID-19 crisis lingers and the economy struggles to recover. "Mitch McConnell loves chaos," said Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), chairman of the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee. "He's a very smart tactician and strategist, but the country pays the price so often for what he does." The latest crisis has cemented McConnell's legacy as a master of misdirection. He's the architect of the impasse and the one who resolves it, if only for the short term. More battles are to come as Democrats narrow Biden's big agenda, including a now-$2-trillion expansion of health, childcare and climate change programs, all paid for with taxes on corporations and the wealthy that Republicans oppose. World & Nation Senate dodges U.S. debt disaster, voting to extend borrowing The Senate dodged a U.S. debt disaster, voting to extend the government's borrowing authority into December and temporarily avert a federal default. Oct. 7, 2021 To some Republicans, McConnell is a shrewd leader, using every tool at his disposal to leverage power and undermine Biden's priorities. To others, including former President Trump, he is weak, having "caved" too soon. To Democrats, McConnell remains an infuriating rival who has shown again he is willing to break one institutional norm after another to pursue Republican power. "McConnell's role is to be the leader of the opposition, and it's his job to push back on what the majority wants to do," said Alex Conant, a Republican strategist. "Nobody should be surprised to see the leader of the Republicans making the Democrats' job harder," he said. Biden, in comments made via video Saturday at the Democratic National Committee's fall meeting, hinted at the damage McConnell could inflict on the party's current agenda and on its broader case to the electorate.