"This bill does not change what history can or cannot be taught. No spin or innuendo changes that. … It simply prevents schools from endorsing discriminatory concepts," Rep. John Torbett, a Gaston County Republican, said during a floor debate. Moore's chamber gave the measure final legislative approval by signing off on changes the Senate made that increase the number of prohibited ideas, clarify that teachers can still discuss those concepts so long as they do not "promote" them and require public school units to inform the Department of Public Instruction and post information on its website upon request a month before providing instruction on the 13 prohibited concepts. The latest version of the plan passed the Republican-controlled House by a 61-41 vote. Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper has previously criticized the measure, accusing Republicans of "injecting calculated, conspiracy-laden politics into public education." Cooper is likely to veto the bill, and Republicans would almost assuredly lack the Democratic votes they'd need to override the governor's decision. Critics view the bill as part of a calculated political strategy Republicans are employing in more than two dozen states to boost voter enthusiasm heading into the 2022 and 2024 elections. Democrats, education groups and racial justice organizations also see the GOP effort as a solution to a problem that does not exist in the state. The monthslong GOP effort to unearth cases of improper teachings appears to have yielded no clear examples of circumstances that House Bill 324 would prevent, as Republicans were unable at a committee hearing and news conference last week to point to a single case that would have violated the proposed law. "Who is doing this? Where are you getting this info? It's a boogeyman," said Rep. Abe Jones, D-Wake. "I'd like to see a film or picture of someone standing before a group of students in North Carolina in classrooms and teaching what's in those 13 parts." Still, Robinson's task force report did highlight instances of educators accused of giving preferential treatment to pupils who agree with their racial views and teachers offering questionable class assignments, including a book called "George" about a transgender child coming to terms with gender identity and a handout that mentions former President Donald Trump in a sentence describing the term "xenophobia."