The House select committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol voted unanimously Wednesday to hold former Trump Justice Department official Jeffrey Clark in criminal contempt for failing to cooperate with its inquiry. It is unclear when the full House could take up the contempt resolution, but if it is adopted, it would be up to the Justice Department to determine whether it wants to indict Clark for not complying with a congressional subpoena. Clark, however, has one more opportunity to appear in front of the committee on Saturday for a new deposition. Committee Chairman Bennie G. Thompson (D-Miss.) said during the hearing that Clark informed the committee he "now intends to claim Fifth Amendment protection," and that the panel is "willing to convene another deposition at which Clark can assert that privilege on a question-by-question basis." Thompson called Clark's last-minute notice a "last-ditch attempt to delay the Select Committee's proceedings." "The committee would certainly consider that we will not finalize his contempt process if Mr. Clark genuinely cures his failure to comply with the subpoena this Saturday," Rep. Liz Cheney (R-Wyo.), a vice chair of the committee, said during the hearing. This is the committee's second contempt referral against an ally of former president Donald Trump — the Justice Department charged former White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon on two counts of criminal contempt last month. Contempt of Congress is a misdemeanor criminal offense that can result in up to one year in prison and a fine of up to $100,000. Clark, who served as acting head of the Justice Department's civil division at the end of the Trump administration, refused to answer questions about the former president during a scheduled deposition Nov. 5, according to a copy of the transcript released by the committee. Clark's lawyer, Harry MacDougald, presented the committee with a letter that objected to answering any questions or providing any records, arguing that Clark did not have to because Trump has asserted they are protected by executive privilege. The committee's interest in Clark stems from his efforts to get the Justice Department to investigate Trump's false claims of election fraud. According to the transcript of the deposition, lawmakers intended to ask Clark about his communications and discussions with the former president, along with efforts by Trump to install him as acting attorney general. "We then wanted to talk specifically about efforts that he took, proposed that the Department take with respect to election fraud," said panel member Adam B. Schiff (D-Calif.), according to the transcript.