A decades-old Illinois law that opened HIV-positive people to felony charges for failing to inform partners before unprotected sex was repealed Tuesday, and access to insurance coverage for infertility treatment for LGBTQ couples and would-be single parents was expanded. The changes were part of a package of legislation Gov. J.B. Pritzker signed into law that also included measures to make it easier for couples to receive marriage certificates with gender-neutral language, and to get new certificates if one or both legally change their names subsequent to the initial document being issued. The legislation, signed by Pritzker at the Center on Halsted in Chicago's Lakeview neighborhood, further burnished the Democratic governor's progressive bona fides as his campaign for a second term next year gets underway. Taken together, the measures "advance Illinoisans' ability to live the fullest lives as their truest selves," Pritzker said. The repeal of the law criminalizing HIV exposure is effective immediately. Previously, Illinois was one of 37 states that criminalized HIV exposure in some form, according to a review last year from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. A mix of Democratic- and Republican-controlled states — California, Colorado, Iowa, Michigan, Missouri, Nevada, North Carolina and Virginia among them — have updated their laws in recent years, but Illinois becomes the first state to fully repeal its law since Texas did so in 1994. Under Illinois' now-repealed law, a person did not have to actually transmit HIV to be charged, and could face up to seven years in prison if convicted. Since 2012, 22 people have been charged. "With the stroke of the governor's pen today, people living with HIV can now breathe a sigh of relief knowing that our medical condition will no longer be criminalized," said Timothy Jackson, director of government relations for AIDS Foundation Chicago, who said he has been living with HIV for nearly 12 years. Sign up for The Spin to get the top stories in politics delivered to your inbox weekday afternoons. The AIDS Foundation and other organizations advocated for the repeal, which was approved with bipartisan support in the House but along party lines in the Senate. Advocates argued the law did nothing to protect public health and instead stigmatized people who were infected with the virus. "We know the most effective way to address the HIV epidemic is through testing and treatment," Jackson said.