Democratic Gov. J.B. Pritzker unveiled a reelection ad Tuesday that doubles down on his defense of the restrictions he put in place in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The one-minute TV spot offers a collection of statements Pritzker made about the pandemic during news conferences from Feb. 28 of last year through March 31 of this year, under the campaign's theme of "strong leadership in tough times." Pritzker made clear that his handling of the coronavirus would be the central theme of his reelection campaign last month when he launched his first series of three ads touting first responders as "heroes." The new ad comes as Pritzker has faced criticism from Republicans and some parents over his mask mandate for students, faculty and staff in all private and public schools. His three announced Republican challengers — Bull Valley businessman Gary Rabine, state Sen. Darren Bailey of Xenia and former state Sen. Paul Schimp of Waterloo — have opposed Pritzker's executive actions and mitigation efforts to curb the spread of the coronavirus. During an unrelated event Tuesday, Pritzker defended his school mask mandate, arguing it's a crucial step in preventing further spread of the highly contagious delta variant and that school officials are well-equipped to enforce the rules. "School districts have been enforcing dress codes for many, many years, and so they're expected simply to do the same thing they've been doing literally for decades," Pritzker said. Sign up for The Spin to get the top stories in politics delivered to your inbox weekday afternoons. The new reelection ad seeks to rebut the GOP criticism with comments made by Pritzker through the pandemic, including one on Oct. 21 when he said, "We've been operating on facts and data and science from the very beginning." Also included is a statement the governor made five days later when he said he rejected the idea that there is a "complete trade-off between keeping you healthy and making sure that we have an economy that's moving forward." Among other snippets a statement from March 15, 2020, in the early stages of COVID-19, saying, "I'm going to fight like hell for you in the weeks ahead," and his admonishment to then-President Donald Trump's administration a day later in which he said, "We need the federal government to lead, follow or get out of the way." The new ad is scheduled to air on cable on CNN and MSNBC in Chicago, Rockford, Bloomington, Peoria, Springfield and Champaign, along with his initial series of ads.