ALBANY, N.Y. — Union leaders and Democratic state lawmakers made a final push Monday to increase taxes on the wealthy as part of a roughly $200 billion state budget due this week. Gov. Andrew Cuomo hasn't yet discussed taxes with leaders of the Democrat-controlled state Assembly and Senate, people familiar with the budget negotiations said Monday. But top aides for the executive and legislative branches spoke throughout the weekend about both revenue and spending programs, officials said. The people said lawmakers are settling on their plans for spending programs before deciding on a tax package. Mr. Cuomo included a $1.5 billion income tax increase when he proposed a $193 billion budget in January. Leaders of the Senate and Assembly each proposed raising more than $6.5 billion of revenue by increasing income taxes, corporate taxes, the state's estate tax and placing a 1% surcharge on income derived from capital gains. The Senate and Assembly plans would each spend more than $200 billion. During negotiations, aides to Mr. Cuomo have rejected proposals to increase the estate tax or levy a new surcharge on capital gains, the people said. Under current New York law, capital gains are taxed at the same rate as wage income. But discussions are ongoing about hiking the corporate and income-tax rates for the state's top earners, the people said. The state's current fiscal year ends on March 31, the legal deadline for a new budget to be in place. Freeman Klopott, a spokesman for Mr. Cuomo's budget office, said all issues were under discussion. "We have been working with the legislature around the clock to deliver a budget that supports New Yorkers in need and sets the state on a course to reimagine, rebuild and renew New York, as we move beyond the pandemic," Mr. Klopott said. Wealthy people account for most of the state's income tax base: The highest-earning 5% of filers—who currently pay a top tax rate of 8.82%—account for more than 60% of the revenue that is raised. Mr. Cuomo has questioned the need to raise taxes, pointing to the latest federal coronavirus relief bill—which provided $12.5 billion in direct aid to the state and billions more dedicated for health and education programs. Business executives from around the state warned last week that increasing taxes to the level proposed by legislators would discourage people working remotely outside New York because of the pandemic from returning to the state.