The TAKE with Rick Klein Amid searing and sometimes chaotic events, the story out of the White House of late has been what President Joe Biden isn't saying as much as what he is. Last week, it was what the president wasn't saying publicly about bloody clashes in the Middle East. This week, it's what Biden isn't saying to influence tense negotiations over issues that are central to his campaign promises and his governing agenda. On Tuesday, the president largely left it to members of the Floyd family and their attorneys to characterize an Oval Office meeting held on the anniversary of George Floyd's death. The bully pulpit was quiet, with a paper statement from Biden praising "the good-faith efforts from Democrats and Republicans to pass a meaningful bill out of the Senate." The White House is characterizing his approach as a way to give Capitol Hill negotiating space. But it rankles some on both the left and the right -- for different, though related, reasons. On infrastructure, Republican senators are not-too-subtly suggesting that Biden's team is going back on the president's private words to them, per ABC News' Trish Turner and Allison Pecorin. "The president will not be surprised at the more outlined and specific offer that he is going to receive," Sen. Roger Wicker, R-Miss., said of the GOP counter-proposal coming Thursday. Some of what is making the Biden presidency notable is its contrasts to what came before it. Diplomacy that is diplomatic and putting real faith in Congress to work toward solutions -- not to mention staying out of the immediate news cycle -- are just part of what makes normal feel abnormal. The RUNDOWN with Averi Harper While much of her family was meeting with the president at the White House to mark her brother George Floyd's death, Bridgett Floyd publicly pushed Biden to work harder to get the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act passed. "I was going to D.C. for Biden to sign a bill, Biden has not signed that bill, Biden broke a promise," said Bridgett Floyd during a rally in Minneapolis. She later added, "My message to the president: get your people in order." Biden issued a statement on Floyd's death, in part, addressing ongoing police reform legislation negotiations. It made no mention of the deadline he imposed -- and Congress has missed -- to pass the legislation.