The TAKE with Rick Klein It will be a secret ballot that conceals nothing -- and an attempt to look to the future by continuing to talk about a particular episode of the past. The slow-motion ouster of Rep. Liz Cheney from House Republican leadership will almost certainly culminate in a vote Wednesday morning that would pave the way to make Rep. Elise Stefanik, R-N.Y., the House conference chair instead of Cheney, R-Wyo. -- assuming Stefanik fends off late-mounting concerns among conservatives. But even if this is a sign that former President Donald Trump has already won the GOP's civil war, the episode illustrates how party leaders' loyalty to the former president will continue to animate their future. Start with Cheney herself, whose Washington Post op-ed framed the coming vote as a "turning point" for the party she knows well: "Republicans must decide whether we are going to choose truth and fidelity to the Constitution," she wrote. Taking to the House floor Tuesday night, Cheney hinted at the role she could play from here, even as she seems resigned to her fate: "I will not sit back and watch in silence while others lead our party down a path that abandons the rule of law and joins the former president's crusade to undermine our democracy." Cheney has already made clear that she is watching House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who also gets his first meeting with President Joe Biden on Wednesday but whose battle to become speaker, if Republicans take the House next year, has barely begun. Plus, as Cheney said Tuesday on the House floor, Trump "risks inciting further violence" by continuing his false and misleading claims. That's a theme that will get additional airing at separate Capitol Hill hearings Wednesday, with testimony from former Trump and current Biden administration officials. Cheney will almost certainly be out of leadership, and Trump will call it a win for his loyalists. But she won't be going away -- and neither will the very real concerns she'll bring to national politics for some time. GOP House members and senators keep saying they want to talk about the future, yet this is an issue with a resonant and relevant past. The RUNDOWN with Alisa Wiersema Businessman Glenn Youngkin's victory in the Republican gubernatorial primary in Virginia was solidified on Tuesday with an endorsement from Trump.