ALBANY, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) -- New York is one of only 12 states that doesn't have a term limit for governors. It's a long-standing conversation that has become impassioned once again given the controversy at the state capitol, CBS2's Jessica Layton reported Thursday. FLASHBACK: Republican Lawmakers Call On Cuomo To Tackle Term Limits When you look at the past five years, so much of New York's leadership has gone down in disgrace. And now, given the Gov. Andrew Cuomo's scandal, legislators from Long Island to Rockland County and the Capital Region, are jumping into the term limit debate. With Cuomo holed up inside the eerily quiet Executive Mansion, the magnitude of the turmoil he has created has colleagues loudly reigniting their call for term limits. "You need turnover, you need new ideas, fresh faces. You don't need dynasties," Rockland County Assemblyman Mike Lawler said. READ MORE: Perplexed Republicans Question Why Cuomo Must Remain New York's Governor For Another 2 Weeks Lawler, a Republican, has pushing hard to limit elected leaders in the state to eight years, like we see in the White House. Supporters of similar bills argue the insatiable thirst for power inevitably yields a path for corruption. Long Island Assemblyman Ed Ra said it's about accountability. "Legislative leaders as well who have gotten themselves into trouble and I think the common denominator in all of this is people amassing major amounts of power," Ra said. READ MORE: From '3 Men In A Room' To Kathy Hochul, Andrea Stewart-Cousins And Carl Heastie: Major Change Ahead In Albany Remember the so-called "three men in a room?" They've all been forced to step down in scandal, and upstate Albany Assemblyman John McDonald rattled off the list. "In the last five years, the Assembly leader, gone; Senate majority leader, gone; New York State attorney general, gone; governor, gone," McDonald said. "I do think term limits could have the effect that voters intend them to, but so does imposing certain limitations on campaign fundraising and spending," Democratic strategist Basil Smikle said. READ MORE: De Blasio Reacts To Cuomo Resignation: 'There Has To Be Accountability,' Says Governor 'Should Never Run For Office Again' Smikle, who said he goes back and forth on whether he favors term limits, said one argument against is it could prevent elected officials who don't have time to achieve leadership positions from bringing resources back to their districts.