MILWAUKEE -- It's easy to forget that as recently as six days ago, Bucks forward Giannis Antetokounmpo was questionable to take the court for Game 1 of the NBA Finals. A journey of more than two decades that started in the humble Athens, Greece, neighborhood of Sepolia and arrived on the doorstep of an NBA title was potentially stalled, due to a hyperextension of his left knee. Antetokounmpo ultimately played in Game 1 of the Finals against the Phoenix Suns, and less than one week later, that injury is undetectable. On Sunday night, Antetokounmpo continued his rampage through the most important games of his life, as he eviscerated the Suns' defense for 41 points in Game 3. Milwaukee overwhelmed Phoenix 120-100 to narrow the Suns' series lead to 2-1. "I've seen him do a lot of stuff like this," Bucks teammate Khris Middleton said. "It doesn't surprise me. To see him do this for a while now, and now it's on the biggest stage and now everybody is getting a chance to see what he goes through; how he's hurt and he still finds a way to go out there and compete and be productive and be dominant at the same time." The Finals are basketball's ultimate chess match, as each team calibrates its strategy game to game, quarter to quarter, even possession to possession. The Bucks tweak their pick-and-roll coverage. The Suns erect walls of varying length and thickness to repel Antetokounmpo. Both teams try to optimize the individual matchups. But sometimes, the most important adjustment is proficiency. The Bucks returned to Milwaukee and came alive on their home floor with solid shooting performances up and down the roster, led by Antetokounmpo. Six of Milwaukee's top seven players posted true shooting percentages better than 55%, and the Bucks compiled their best effective field goal percentage as a team since Game 3 of the Eastern Conference finals. Nobody was more efficient than Antetokounmpo. He attacked the basket relentlessly en route to his 41 points on 14-for-23 shooting from the field. He is only the second player in Finals history to record at least 40 points and 10 rebounds in back-to-back games, per ESPN Stats & Information research. He joined the select company of Shaquille O'Neal (2000 Finals). Told that Michael Jordan notched four consecutive 40-point games in the Finals, Antetokounmpo demurred: "I'm not Michael Jordan." Antetokounmpo also was the second player in history to score at least 25 points in the paint and rack up 10 second-chance points in a Finals game over the past 25 postseasons, joining -- guess who -- O'Neal.