PHOENIX -- Two days after Giannis Antetokounmpo's ridiculous block of Phoenix Suns center Deandre Ayton's dunk attempt late in Game 4 of the NBA Finals, the Milwaukee Bucks superstar still can't explain exactly how he pulled it off. "It's incredible what your body is [able] to do," Antetokounmpo said Friday. "When you think about winning, you go to the extreme. "I cannot explain the play. But, at the end of the day, that's in the past. When you talk about the past, that's your ego talking. It's in the past. It's over with. "I got to move on. I got to keep making winning plays. I got to keep competing. I got to keep finding ways to help my team be great. Great moment. I appreciate the moment. Great moment. [But] we got to move on." The basketball world, on the other hand, has done little moving on in the days since Antetokounmpo's rejection with 74 seconds to go in Game 4, preserving Milwaukee's two-point lead at the time and helping the Bucks even the series at two games apiece as it shifts back here for Game 5 on Saturday night. There have been comparisons to LeBron James' epic block of Andre Iguodala's layup in Game 7 of the 2016 NBA Finals, and debates rage over which of them was the more impressive play, along with other great blocks from past playoffs. For Antetokounmpo, the focus is on something much more tangible: getting a victory in Game 5, which would allow Milwaukee to have the opportunity to claim its first championship in a half-century with a win back at Fiserv Forum Tuesday night in Game 6. It's an approach that has come from past experiences and learning about the perils of feeling too good after one strong performance. "I think I would say life. Usually, from my experience, when I think about like, 'Oh, yeah, I did this, I'm so great, I had 30, I had 25-10-10,' whatever the case might be. ... Usually, the next day, you're going to suck, you know?" Antetokounmpo said with a smile. "Simple as that. The next few days you're going to be terrible. "I figured out a mindset to have that when you focus on the past, that's your ego. 'I did this. We were able to beat this team 4-0. I did this in the past.