A longtime adviser to Donald Trump says the former president will be "actively involved" in Republican Party politics going forward. And that includes supporting primary challenges against those that have crossed Trump. "The president continues to have enormous support and approval among Republican primary voters. He continues to have hundreds of millions of dollars in his campaign account, which he can utilize. And he will continue to be actively involved in recruiting candidates and holding elected officials accountable for their votes," Corey Lewandowski told Fox News on Thursday. RNC CHAIR MCDANIEL SAYS TRUMP WON'T START THIRD PARTY Lewandowski, who managed Trump's 2016 presidential primary campaign and served as a top adviser on the 2020 reelection effort, also shot down suggestions that the former president would form a splinter party, saying "I don't think the president has any interest in being part of a third party." President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump board Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., Wednesday, Jan. 20, 2021.(AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta) Lewandowski spoke with Fox News hours before Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida, a top Trump supporter and ally, was scheduled to hold a rally at the state capitol in Wyoming to take aim at Rep. Liz Cheney in her home state. Cheney, the House Republican Conference chair, is facing calls by a majority of House Republicans to be stripped of her number three leadership position. The move comes after she was the most high profile of the 10 Republicans who two weeks ago joined all 222 Democrats in the chamber in voting to impeach Trump on a charge of inciting the Jan. 6 insurrection on the U.S. Capitol. Wednesday night, on the eve of Gaetz's trip to Wyoming, the former president's leadership political action committee, Save America, released a poll that suggested that Cheney was politically wounded among Republicans by her vote to impeach Trump. Gaetz told Fox News and other news organizations on Monday, "I have not spoken with the president since his departure from Washington but it is my understanding that he is very encouraging of my efforts." He added that "I speak regularly with many members of the Trump family. I've shared with them that I'm going to Wyoming and received nothing but encouragement." GAETZ HEADED TO WYOMING TO TAKE AIM AT CHENEY Asked if there were any coordination, Lewandowski said "our plan has been in place for a fair amount of time."