Each week this spring, the Howard County Times is letting the community help pick a Howard County boys and girls Athlete of the Week. After more than 15,000 combined votes, the selections for the week ending March 20 are Reservoir junior volleyball setter Jessica Rothermel and River Hill junior soccer midfielder Milan Gupta. Rothermel has helped the Gators to a 6-0 start, sweeping each of the team's opponents thus far. Gupta, meanwhile, has played a central role in helping the Hawks roll off six straight wins and outscore the opposition 22-7 during that stretch. POLL: Our staff, after consultation with coaches, has picked players from each of the fall sports based on outstanding performance over the past week (ending March 27) and are letting voting decide the rest. To participate, either vote below or click here for the boys poll and/or click here for the girls poll by 11 p.m. Tuesday. Reservoir's Jessica Rothermel (23) sets the ball during a season-opening match against River Hill on March 5, 2021. (photo courtesy of Julie Rothermel) A starter since her freshman year, Rothermel has taken on the role of being the engine behind the Gators attack. While she hasn't always garnered as much of the spotlight as some of her teammates, her coach Carole Ferrante said her impact as a junior has been undeniable while helping Reservoir to a 6-0 start this season. "She's always been so smart with the decisions that she makes, looking at the holes and then running plays to exploit them," Ferrante said. "She's like the quarterback in football, she controls what we do. And I think what makes her even more valuable this year is her growth and development as a leader to go along with her incredible volleyball IQ." Just as important to the team's success has been Rothermel's proficiency as a server this season. She has won 80 service points, including four times helping the Gators jump out to 10-point leads at the onset of matches, and has tallied 15 aces. "To go along with her great float serve, her ability to now move the ball around has gone to a completely different level," Ferrante said. "She doesn't necessarily do it with a lot of aces, but because of her placement the other teams simply can't get the ball back over the net." Through six games, Rothermel has totaled 85 assists, 18 digs, 2 blocks and 6 kills.