The result worked out for Tra Evans, but he wasn't happy. The Atholton cornerback didn't play the pass correctly, but Wilde Lake's receiver couldn't haul in what would have been the game-winning touchdown late in Friday's season-opening contest. "It was enough," said Atholton's John Prajka to Evans after the play. "That's all that matters." Atholton coach Eric Woodson echoed the same sentiment after his team's 7-6 victory over the Wildecats. The Raiders didn't score an offensive touchdown, threw two interceptions and muffed a punt. But it was enough to win. "We take it anyway we can and move on," Woodson said. The Raiders' lone touchdown was an 18-yard interception return from cornerback Jerome Colbert in the third quarter. Wilde Lake quarterback Kofi Boampong rolled out to his left and threw an errant pass right to Colbert, who sprinted untouched into the end zone. "That was huge," Woodson said. "That's when the tide turned for us." While Atholton's offense didn't score, the Raiders did dictate the flow of the game thanks to 5-foot-11, 230-pound running back Dillan Watkins. The bruising junior totaled 105 yards on 23 carries. "We controlled the clock," Woodson said. "He's a very powerful runner. We've got about four backs, but I featured him tonight. Coming into his junior year, he's that big back at 230 [pounds] who can carry the load." The win is Atholton's first over Wilde Lake since 2017, and six months ago, the Raiders lost 26-0 to the Wildecats. "It feels great to get this win, first time in five seasons," Colbert said. Wilde Lake (0-1) started off the home contest with something it did often last season — intercepting the opposing quarterback. Watkins barreled Atholton (1-0) down the field before quarterback Harrison Feldman, who split time with Miles Scott, was intercepted by Wilde Lake cornerback Max Richardson in the red zone. Feldman was picked off again on Atholton's next drive, this time by sophomore safety Nazir Fell. The Cats' offense couldn't capitalize on either mistake, though, as both drives stalled out. "There are no excuses, but we're a young squad," Henderson said. "We've got to learn how to take advantage. This is a learning experience, and we'll push forward to next week." After a scoreless first half, Colbert's pick-six was the first touchdown of the game. The interception was the first of Colbert's varsity career.