This weekend, the Jets were in Green Bay to take on the Packers in their second dress rehearsal as the regular season approaches. Rookies saw plenty of action in Saturday's game, and they will play a huge role on this very young football team. Coach Saleh said before the game that six to nine rookies are going to play a lot, and several of them could potentially even start. First-round offensive guard Alijah Vera-Tucker, and second-round receiver Elijah Moore did not suit up in Green Bay due to nagging injuries, but let's break down how the rest of the rooks looked in their first trips to Lambeau. The Jets rookie quarterback strung together another very sharp performance in his second taste of preseason action. With the first-team offense, Wilson played the majority of the first half and put up an impressive statline, completing nine of 11 passes for 128 yards and two passing touchdowns, with a nearly perfect passer rating of 154.7. The only blemish on Wilson's performance was a ball delivered on the run that was thrown behind an open Corey Davis. Zach bounced back on the next two plays; however, converting a third and short and then delivering a gorgeous ball on the run about 30 yards down the sideline to Davis. Wilson ended up capping the drive off with an 18-yard touchdown strike over the middle to his tight end Tyler Kroft. Other noteworthy Wilson plays included a 24-yard strike to Davis between two defensive backs on the first drive of the game and a second 18-yard touchdown pass to Kroft. The rookie has done a great job of quickly getting the ball out of his hands, as he has yet to take a sack this preseason. He has done so without forcing the ball and has done a fine job of checking the ball down when he needs to. Zach has looked very poised in the pocket, there do not appear to be any jitters with him, and his timing with receivers has been pretty much spot on. While he has yet to face a first-team defense, the Jets' new quarterback certainly looks like he belongs through two games of preseason football. The Jets' fourth-rounder figures to play a role in a very crowded backfield this season, and he has shown some promise early on this preseason.