He's one of the more under-appreciated players in this tournament considering all he does for the Bears. Mitch Ballock's absurd range. The senior, who shoots 39.5% from three, has been known to pull up (and hit) from anywhere. With nothing to lose against Gonzaga, we expect him to let it fly. In-depth analysis, unrivaled access. Get SPORTS ILLUSTRATED's best stories every weekday. Sign up now. Point-forward Scottie Barnes. The talented 6' 9" Barnes, a likely NBA lottery pick, was third in the ACC in assist rate. Drew Timme's handlebar mustache. His mom tried to get him to shave it, but it sounds like it's sticking around. Stay tuned for updates in this saga. Offensive rebounding. The Cougars do it at a better rate than all but one team in the country. Against the Syracuse 2–3 zone, they'll be licking their chops. Its defense. The Ramblers' D is a thing of beauty to follow. Pay attention to their rotations and the on-ball ability of Lucas Williamson and Aher Ugack, in particular. Mike Smith assists. The undersized, former Ivy League point guard has a great story to be starring at Michigan, and he had a 15-assist game in the Big Ten tournament. Kevin Obanor. You know about super-scorer Max Abmas, but the Golden Eagles wouldn't be here without Obanor's huge tourney so far. And like Abmas, he's played all 95 available minutes. Chris Duarte. The senior has had an absolutely stellar year, and he would be a household name to broader college hoops fans if he played on the East Coast.  Roman Silva blocks. In 10 games before the NCAA tournament, the 7' 1" center had seven blocks total. He had seven combined in the Beavers' first two games in Indianapolis. Can he keep it up? Buddy Boeheim threes. Jim's son has made at least five threes in five of his last six games. Pretty good stuff. The chance to go from First Four to Final Four. No First Four team has made it all the way to the final weekend (or even the Elite Eight) since one of the very first ones, 2010-11 VCU. Can the Bruins join that list? Its giant starting lineup. Andy Enfield starts four players ranging from 6' 7" to 7' 0", the tallest of which is the dominant Evan Mobley. No wonder this team is No. 1 in two-point defense.