We learned a lot about each NFL team during training camps and in the preseason. However, scrimmages and exhibition games do not accurately simulate the real thing. We got a much clearer picture of what teams are and aren't going to be during Week 1. Now, it's time for the in-season adjustments to begin. Adjustments are a huge part of the NFL game, of course, and week-to-week tweaks can mean the difference between a promising campaign and a successful one. Massive roster or scheme changes are no longer realistic options. No matter how teams fared in Week 1, each has an adjustment that needs to be made. It could be as simple as eliminating a repeated miscue or as drastic as replacing a high-profile player, but something needs to change. We'll examine these potential changes here, and all aspects of a franchise—roster makeup, coaching focus, strategy, etc.—are fair game. Give Chase Edmonds an Even Bigger Role There aren't many negatives to take away from the Arizona Cardinals' 38-13 beatdown of the Tennessee Titans. Arizona's defense was relentless, and quarterback Kyler Murray (289 passing yards, 20 rushing yards, five total TD) was superb. However, the Cardinals should tweak their offensive game plan slightly heading into their Week 2 matchup with the Minnesota Vikings. Arizona is leaning on a two-back system featuring Chase Edmonds and James Conner. While Conner out-rushed Edmonds 16-12 in Week 1, Edmonds was clearly the more explosive runner. He averaged a full two yards per carry more (5.3 versus 3.3) than Conner. There was actually an even split in touches, as Edmonds caught four passes, but Arizona should lean more heavily on Edmonds until/unless Conner proves he can be just as effective on the ground. Utilize the Tight Ends Even More in the Passing Game The Atlanta Falcons got absolutely handled (32-6) by the Philadelphia Eagles in Week 1. The defense, which ranked 29th overall in 2020, was a predictable problem. However, Atlanta's inability to produce points was a shock. Yes, the Falcons traded Julio Jones in the offseason. They also don't have a proven workhorse running back. They do have weapons like Hayden Hurst, Calvin Ridley and rookie fourth overall pick Kyle Pitts, though. Atlanta's inability to find the end zone rests on the offensive game plan of new head coach Arthur Smith. Smith tried to lean on the run, allowing it to open up big plays in the passing game—the same strategy he employed with the Tennessee Titans.