With training camps quickly approaching around the NFL—the Dallas Cowboys and Pittsburgh Steelers open on July 21—optimism is at an all-time high. Every team is undefeated, and under the expanded playoff format, most teams can realistically challenge for the postseason. Not every team will be a Super Bowl contender, of course, but each franchise has at least one reason to be hopeful about the coming season. Whether that's a promising new quarterback, the culture change brought on by a new coaching staff, the potential of a strong free-agent class or sheer overall talent, every team should be flying high. Here, we'll examine each franchise's biggest reason for optimism heading into training camp. Teams are listed in alphabetical order. 2020 Record: 8-8 The Arizona Cardinals were close in 2020, and they have the foundation for a stellar offense in quarterback Kyler Murray. The Oklahoma product thrived with new wideout DeAndre Hopkins last season, finishing with a passer rating of 94.3, 3,971 passing yards, 819 rushing yards and 37 combined touchdowns. However, Arizona's biggest reason for optimism is its retooled defense. The Cardinals were stealthily 12th in points allowed last year, and the defense should be even better in 2021. Pass-rusher J.J. Watt and rookie linebacker Zaven Collins highlight the new additions. However, Arizona also added cornerbacks Darqueze Dennard and Malcolm Butler in free agency and drafted defensive backs Marco Wilson, Tay Gowan and James Wiggins. Additionally, Arizona should have pass-rusher Chandler Jones back after he missed 11 games in 2020. He and Watt could emerge as one of the top pass-rushing duos in the NFL this season. The Cardinals can realistically hope for a top-10 defense this season. That, combined with a potent Murray-centric offense, should make Arizona a real threat in the NFC. 2020 Record: 4-12 The Atlanta Falcons traded star wideout Julio Jones this offseason, which likely bummed out many fans. However, they also added former Florida tight end Kyle Pitts, who can inject new life into the Falcons' potent passing attack. Even with Jones sidelined for seven games in 2020, the Falcons ranked fifth in passing. Just 20 years old, Pitts has the potential to create mismatches all over the field. "Pitts has all the makings of being a true matchup nightmare at the TE position with the athleticism, versatility, grit and skill set to play across the formation," Nate Tice of the B/R Scouting Department wrote.