Four of the top seven picks from the 2021 NBA draft were in action during Day 4 of the Las Vegas Summer League. And after diving deeply into Tuesday's showdown between Cade Cunningham and Jalen Green, it's only fair we spotlight how the rest of the newbies are faring so far. (Aside: All five of the remaining top-seven selections were slated to play on Wednesday, but Josh Giddey, the No. 6 pick, was held out of the Oklahoma City Thunder's tilt against the New Orleans Pelicans with a left ankle sprain.) Please, please, pretty please do not interpret these stock reports as referendums on how each top-seven rookie will fare in his inaugural season. This exercise is instead a mixture of observations based on how they've played in Sin City only. Wednesday's performances will be our primary focus. Like always, though, previous outings and big-picture discussions remain part of the calculus. This party will wrap up with the "Breakout Candidate of Day 4," a totally real, not-at-all made-up award given to the player who seems most poised to parlay his summer-league showing into regular-season ascension. Some will look at Scottie Barnes' summer league to date and use it to troll the Toronto Raptors for not selecting Jalen Suggs at No. 4. Don't be one of those people. Glimpses into what can be are just as important, just as telltale, as sustained excellence in exhibition games. Barnes is already an extremely active defender, and his comfort within the play-finishing niche and at the foul line should ensure he doesn't non-factor himself off the floor during the regular season. Still, there is an incompleteness to his offense. His takeoff points on drives are all over the place and oft-premature. He needs to better account for the defenders in front him and use more changes of direction to position himself closer to point-blank range. He is currently forcing too many shots from various spots—this could just be a symptom of summer league—and his misses are misses. And yet, some of Barnes' makes are seductive. He has the chops to bake in more off-the-bounce spins, methodical fades and sudden pull-backs. Raptors fans will cling to the turnaround jumper he hit over Jonathan Kuminga after faking left—and they absolutely should. Toronto should be equally attached to his 1-of-2 clip from deep in the team's Wednesday loss to the Golden State Warriors.