Welcome to the portion of the NBA offseason during which we place waaay too much stock into Las Vegas Summer League performances. Just kidding. This is not that type of space. Not entirely, anyway. Our summer league takeaways aim to focus on players who will have a legitimate crack at rotation minutes during the regular season but will, for the most part, fall short of forecasting future perennial MVPs and eventual first-ballot Hall of Famers. Interpret these observations as "Hey, look at this!" moments and feats rather than exegetic declarations. Every summer league note will be inspired by the most recent slate of games, but hearkening back to previous contests and zooming out for bigger-picture musings remains on the table as part of the process. Let us now explore the latest batch of Las Vegas standouts before Davion Mitchell forces me to turn them over. The Memphis Grizzlies have been searching for a cornerstone wing since before Chandler Parsons' face became a yoga mat logo. It is a quest that predates even Rudy Gay, one that feels, even on the most optimistic days, never-ending. If Desmond Bane's Monday detonation against the Brooklyn Nets is a sign of what's to come, the Grizzlies' search may be nearing its conclusion...or at least have a chance to do so. Last year's No. 30 pick went for 32 points and four assists on 11-of-19 shooting, including a scintillating 6-of-8 clip from beyond the arc. His buckets were not gimme opportunities teed up by others, either. Bane dribbled into threes, hit a step-back triple in transition and froze defenders while attacking at varying speeds. He even set the table for teammates coming over screens—not in a way that suggests higher-power point forward magic, but with enough patience and handle to plumb the depth of his ball skills next year. Summer league is seldom telltale of regular-season roles. Bane will not be the first or second option in Memphis. But the Grizzlies voluntarily prioritized their bigger picture when they took on the contracts of Eric Bledsoe and Steven Adams and didn't do much of anything during free agency. That implies a willingness to experiment during the 2021-22 campaign. And right now, "expanding Bane's offensive role" should top the list of trials they're prepared to run. Immanuel Quickley showing out in summer league doesn't come as much of a surprise.